All right.
So from this complete crowdfunding course not only are you going to learn about all the various aspects
that contribute towards a successful crowdfunding campaign and how you too can go about in a step by
step approach or to launch your very own successful campaign.
You're also going to get a lot of freebies that will help you in organizing your own campaign.
So by the end of the course you're going to learn about all the tools that we used that we thought were
really really useful in order to manage and run the campaign.
You also going to understand what you need to do before during and after your campaign in order to make
it a huge hit.
But not only are you going to get all of that knowledge.
You're also going to get a bunch of freebies that were packaged into this course.
So we're going to give you access to a crowdfunding planner that we created and used ourselves.
So this is going to show you all the things that you need to do.
Prelaunch so T-minus 10 weeks then T-minus eight weeks and every other two weeks everything that you
need to do that you can check off and that you can drag into the Dunfield.
So we're going to talk all about Trello and how you can use it.
And this is just a board that we'll share with you.
You're also going to get access to all the updates an e-mail template that we used that allows you to
preplan all of those updates and e-mails that will go out to your followers or to your backers so that
you have everything organized before your campaign.
Then you're going to get access to a whole bunch of spreadsheets that will help you do your Kickstarter
research.
So figuring out which were the successful competitive campaign figure out which price tiers you should
be going for.
Figure out how to get backers figure out how to get press etc. etc. So it was a really really useful
spreadsheet that we used.
And we're going to share that with you as well.
Next we've also included a document that contains all of the useful crowdfunding tools that we came
across all listed with the links and what they do and categorize by when you might need them.
And finally you also going to get a document that is going to help you plan your video.
So help you figure out each and every aspect that you need to include in your video so that you can
put together and plan the perfect campaign video.
So all of that and more is downloadable in the next lessons and get all of your bonus freebies as a
part of the course.
I'll see you on the next lesson.